Airbnb, Inc. is an American company operating an online marketplace for short- and long-term homestays and experiences. The company acts as a broker and charges a commission from each booking. The company was founded in 2008 by Brian Chesky, Nathan Blecharczyk, and Joe Gebbia. Airbnb is a shortened version of its original name, AirBedandBreakfast.com. Airbnb is the most well-known company for short-term housing rentals

Airbnb has provided many travellers a great, easy and convenient place to stay during their travels. Similarly, it has also given an opportunity for many to earn extra revenue by listing their properties for residents to stay. However, with so many listings available with varying prices -
- How can an aspiring host know what type of property to invest in if his main aim is to list it in Airbnb and earn rental revenue?
- Additionally, if a traveller wants to find the cheapest listing available but with certain features he prefers like 'free parking' etc, how does he know what aspects to look into, to find a suitable listing?

There are many factors which influence the price of a listing. Which is why this project aims to find the most important factors that affect the price and more importantly the features that are common among the most expensive listings. This will allow an aspiring Airbnb host to ensure that his listing is equipped with those important features such that he will be able to charge a higher price without losing customers. Moreover, a traveller will also know the factors to look into to get the lowest price possible while having certain features he prefers.
